feat(klabel): component reskinning [KHCP-8987] (#1764)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/label.md

# Label

> KLabel provides a wrapper around general `label` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KLabel provides a wrapper around the native HTML `label` element.
```
